docs(AwsVpcPeering): RemoteRouteTableUpdateStrategy (#1126)
kyma-project/cloud-manager: docs/user/resources/04-30-10-aws-vpc-peering.md

**Spec:**

| Parameter                          | Type   | Description                                                                                                                      |
|------------------------------------|--------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **remoteAccountId**                | string | Required. Specifies the Amazon Web Services account ID of the owner of the accepter VPC.                                         |
| **remoteRegion**                   | string | Required. Specifies the Region code for the accepter VPC.                                                                        |
| **remoteVpcId**                    | string | Required. Specifies the ID of the VPC with which you are creating the VPC peering connection                                     |

> | **remoteRouteTableUpdateStrategy** | string | Optional. Specifies the remote route table update strategy. One of `AUTO`, `MATCHED`, `UNMATCHED` or `NONE`. Defaults to `AUTO`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **remoteRouteTableUpdateStrategy** | string | Optional. Specifies the remote route table update strategy. The value is one of the following: `AUTO`, `MATCHED`, `UNMATCHED`, or `NONE`. Defaults to `AUTO`. For more information, see [RemoteRouteTableUpdateStrategy](#RemoteRouteTableUpdateStrategy).  |
```

> | **remoteRouteTableUpdateStrategy** | string | Optional. Specifies the remote route table update strategy. The value is one of the following: `AUTO`, `MATCHED`, `UNMATCHED`, or `NONE`. Defaults to `AUTO`. For more information, see [RemoteRouteTableUpdateStrategy](#RemoteRouteTableUpdateStrategy).  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **remoteRouteTableUpdateStrategy** | string | Optional. Specifies the remote route table update strategy. The value is one of the following: `AUTO`, `MATCHED`, `UNMATCHED`, or `NONE`. Defaults to `AUTO`. For more information, see [RemoteRouteTableUpdateStrategy](#RemoteRouteTableUpdateStrategy). <!-- markdown-link-check-disable-line --> |
```

| **conditions.status** (required)  | string     | Represents the status of the condition. The value is either `True`, `False`, or `Unknown`.  |
| **conditions.type**               | string     | Provides a short description of the condition.                                              |

## RemoteRouteTableUpdateStrategy

> To enable private Internet Protocol version 4 (IPv4) traffic between instances in the peered VPC networks, Cloud Manager adds a route to the route tables associated with the remote VPC network. The route destination is the Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) block of the Kyma VPC network, and the target is the ID of the VPC peering connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable private Internet Protocol version 4 (IPv4) traffic between instances in peered VPC networks, Cloud Manager adds a peering route to the route tables associated with the remote VPC network. The route destination is the Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) block of the Kyma VPC network, and the target is the ID of the VPC peering connection.
```

| **conditions.status** (required)  | string     | Represents the status of the condition. The value is either `True`, `False`, or `Unknown`.  |
| **conditions.type**               | string     | Provides a short description of the condition.                                              |

## RemoteRouteTableUpdateStrategy

> Once VPC peering is established Cloud Manager updates route tables for a VPC peering connection. To enable private IPv4 
> traffic between instances in peered VPC networks, Cloud Manager adds a route to the route tables associated with the 
> remote VPC network. The route destination is the CIDR block of the Kyma VPC network and the target is the ID of the VPC 
> peering connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable private Internet Protocol version 4 (IPv4) traffic between instances in the peered VPC networks, Cloud Manager adds a route to the route tables associated with the remote VPC network. The route destination is the Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) block of the Kyma VPC network, and the target is the ID of the VPC peering connection.

Once VPC peering is established, Cloud Manager updates the route tables for the VPC peering connection. 
```

> Parameter `RemoteRouteTableUpdateStrategy` specifies how Cloud Manager handles remote route tables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `RemoteRouteTableUpdateStrategy` parameter specifies how Cloud Manager handles remote route tables:
```

> - `AUTO` adds peering route to all remote route tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `AUTO` adds a peering route to all remote route tables.
```

> - `MATCHED` adds peering route to all remote route tables having Kyma shoot name tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `MATCHED` adds a peering route to all remote route tables with the Kyma shoot name tag.
```

> - `UNMATCHED` adds peering route to all remote route tables not having Kyma shoot name tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `UNMATCHED` adds a peering route to all remote route tables without the Kyma shoot name tag.
```
